(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(GROWLS)
Back off!
You back off, Kion.
That's my tree!
Your tree?
I found it first.
So step aside.
No way!
You can't tell me
what to do.
Uh, actually, she can.
For the next few days,
Kiara will be queen.
Me?
Her? Queen?
Dad, what's going on?
Kiara will be acting queen
while your Mom and I
are away in Kilio Valley.
Kilio Valley? You're
visiting the elephants?
Yes. We have
a funeral to attend.
My friend Aminifu
passed away.
I remember him.
He was a wise elephant.
Yes. He helped
the Pride Lands
return to normal
after Scar was defeated.
Once the elephants returned,
all the other
animals followed.
And the Circle of Life
came back into balance.
And now Aminifu
has completed
his part
of the Circle of Life.
I'm so sorry, Dad.
Uh, how long
will you be gone?
Just a few days.
And I'll let you in
on a little secret.
I was nervous about ruling
the Pride Lands
at first, too.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
I'm not nervous.
Well, maybe a little.
It's okay.
I have faith in you...
and the Lion Guard.
Just keep the peace,
and everything
will be fine.
I won't let you down, Dad.
I know, princess.
Or, should I say Queen?
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
It is a big responsibility.
Worried about Kiara?
Or are you worried
about your tribute?
Why would I be
worried about that?
Maybe because you have to
say it in Elephantese?
(SIGHS) Yes. Elephants
and their traditions.
And they
take those traditions
very seriously, sire.
Oh, believe me, I know.
It has to be perfect.
True. But it's
just one phrase.
Eihe kala pano tou.
Hmm. Easy for you to say.
Oh, I suppose it is.
But then, I am
fluent in Elephant.
Not to mention
gorilla, chimpanzee,
and several dialects
of bushbuck.
Yes, Zazu. We know.
ZAZU: Believe me, sire.
By the time we get there,
I'll have you speaking
like a true elephant!
Hmm. Simba and Nala
leaving the Pride Lands.
This will be worth
keeping an eye on.
SIMBA: It's things like this
that almost make me
wish I wasn't king.
Come now, sire.
It's really
not as bad as all that.
Having to say goodbye
to an old friend
in a language
that I don't understand?
Yes, this is
an unfortunate duty.
But you have so many other
wonderful ones, sire,
if I may say so.
Actually, Zazu,
I think Simba
could use
a little reminding.
Yes, of course.
♪ Everyone in the Pride Lands,
big or small
♪ Looks forward to
whenever you may call
♪ A visit from Your Highness
is an honor
♪ Yes it's true
♪ All your subjects want
so much to be with you
♪ So embrace your position
♪ The royal tradition
♪ Delighting the Pride Lands
with every little thing
♪ In all of the wonderful
duties of the king
♪ You welcome birds
from all around
♪ Grant gazelles
their grazing ground
♪ Behoove the official
turaco whistles
♪ Guard the clearing
of pointy thistles
♪ Reside over aardvark
wedding rites
♪ Coach the mongooses
on their bites
♪ Listen to the zebras'
silly pleas
♪ And bless any animal
when they sneeze
♪ So embrace your position
♪ The royal tradition
♪ Delighting the Pride Lands
with every little thing
♪ In all of the wonderful
duties of the king
♪ You set the limits
on bushbuck hopping
♪ Judge the hippos'
belly flopping
♪ Consider crocodiles'
complaints
♪ And tenderly kiss baby
porcupines oh, so gently
♪ Assign all the songbirds
to their trees
♪ Advise confused chimpanzees
♪ Ceremonial naming
of the bees
ZAZU: ♪ Consoling giraffes
when they get fleas
♪ Actually, that's
not much fun
♪ The fleas do tend
to spread, but that said
♪ So embrace your position
♪ The royal tradition
♪ Delighting the Pride Lands
with every little thing
♪ In all of the wonderful
BOTH: ♪ In all of the
wonderful duties of the king
♪ In all of the wonderful
duties of the king ♪
That's more like it.
Yes. Thank you, Zazu.
I do feel better now.
Wonderful, sire.
Now, about your
Elephantese accent.
(GULPS)
Hey! Did you hear? Kiara is
queen of the Pride Lands!
Yeah! It's
un-Bunga-lievable!
Hmm, it was going to
happen eventually.
I'm sure she'll be
a nice queen.
Kiara's only queen while
my mom and dad are away.
Anybody see Ono?
It's not like him to be
late for morning patrol.
(GASPS) Here he comes.
And there he goes?
What? Why is he
going to Pride Rock?
ONO: Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Got to get clean
for the queen.
Ono.
(GASPS)
What are you doing?
We've got a patrol.
Oh. I'm sorry, Kion.
Uh, Queen Kiara asked me...
Queen Kiara?
Uh, Kion?
Announcing Her Majesty...
Ruler of the Pride Lands...
BOTH: Queen Kiara!
Make way! Make way
for the queen!
Your Majesty.
Bunga, that's really
not necessary.
Thank you, Your Majest...
You're queen now, Kiara.
Let him bow.
Yeah. Everyone should bow.
(CHUCKLING) Oh. Well,
not us.
BUNGA: (MUFFLED)
It's my pleasure,
Your Majesty.
Bunga, stand up.
Your wish is my command!
Kiara, what was so important
you had to take Ono away
from our patrol?
Zazu went with
Mom and Dad, remember?
I need someone to give me
the morning report.
And Ono is the
keenest of sight.
Yeah, okay.
But he's still
part of the Lion Guard.
You should have
asked me first.
Kion! Kiara's your queen!
She doesn't have to ask
anyone for anything anymore.
Except when I'm asking
for the morning report.
Ono?
Your Majesty!
(CLEARS THROAT) Uh,
all appears to be in order
from Mekundu Cliffs
to Ukuni Woods.
There's much excitement
about your becoming
acting queen.
The oryxes aren't fighting,
for a change.
The eland herd is migrating
east along the river
as expected.
Oh, also on the path
along the river,
I spotted a new cluster
of beehives.
Bees make great snacks.
If you say so.
And that's
the morning report.
Interesting.
Thank you, Ono.
Yeah. Great job, Ono.
Thank you for the
opportunity, my queen.
(GROANS)
And you, er, my Kion?
Sounds like
everything is okay.
So can I have Ono back for the
Guard's morning patrol now?
Hang on, I'm...
I'm thinking.
The bees are building hives
on the path along the river.
The elands use
that same path.
If the elands step on the
beehives, they'll get stung!
The herd would break up
and there could be chaos.
I didn't think of that.
You didn't have to.
You're not the queen.
(LAUGHS)
Okay. Lion Guard,
let's move out.
Kion, wait.
Can you and the Guard
divert the eland away
from the bees' nests?
Huh? I guess
we could, but...
Ohh! Queen Kiara's
first official decree!
My first decree?
Queen Kiara's first decree!
The Lion Guard will...
What was it?
The Lion Guard will divert
the eland herd away
from the beehives.
So says the queen.
Yes. So says me.
(GROANS)
Come on, guys.
By your command,
my queen.
Did I just get an order
from my sister?
No. You got
an official decree.
No, no, no, sire.
Like this,
Eihe kala pano tou.
Ehke kana pao tu.
(GROANS) What's does
this mean, again?
Literally, it translates to,
"He had good on him."
It means he was
a good elephant.
Well, that is
certainly true.
Aminifu had
much good on him.
And now, you'll just have
to say it in Elephantese.
I can't say it
in Elephantese.
And do you know why?
Because I'm
not an elephant.
(ROARS)
ZAZU: I'm okay.
Simba, you may not
be an elephant,
but you are king.
And as king,
this is expected of you.
(SIGHS)
And Aminifu
was a good friend.
He deserves the best.
Thanks, Nala.
Okay, Zazu.
Once more, from the top.
Of course, sire.
(BUZZING)
KION: (GROANS) No.
Beehives in the path.
Just like you said, Ono.
Where are the elands?
ONO:
They're on their way, Kion!
Uh, just around the bend!
Okay. When they get here,
we'll move them off the path
and across the fields
far away from the bees.
Hard to believe
something so small
could bother
something so big.
Yeah.
Seems kind of silly.
Moving a whole herd
of elands
just to avoid
a few little bees?
That was
Queen Kiara's decree.
(GROANS) Yeah,
She's only been
queen for a day.
I've been leading
the Lion Guard
for a lot longer than that.
Kiara can tell me
to do something.
But she can't tell
me how to do it.
I say we move the bees.
Move the bees?
Yeah! Let's move the bees!
What could go wrong?
(BUZZING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
What are you guys running for?
Bees taste even
better when they're mad!
Maybe we should've diverted
the eland herd after all!
KION: Don't worry
about the elands!
ALL: The elands!
(SCREAMING)
(ALL GROAN)
Heyvi kabisa!
(BUZZING)
KION: Incoming!
KION: There may have been
a small problem
with the bees and the elands.
A small problem?
It wasn't a total disaster.
Really? Looks
pretty total to me.
Yeah, totally delicious.
Admit it. I was right
about the bees
and you were wrong.
I admit it, Your Majesty!
What's to admit?
The queen is always right.
Especially giving titles
to her top advisors.
Dame Tiifu and Lady Zuri.
What?
Lady Tiifu and Dame Zuri?
Well, we did manage to
round up the elands...
eventually.
Most of them.
Some of them didn't want
to come with us.
I don't think
they liked us.
Maybe next time you'll
listen to your queen.
Next time?
Yeah. Next time
I give you a decree.
Or have you forgotten Dad
left me in charge?
It's pretty hard
to forget.
MZINGO: You wouldn't
believe it, Janja.
The whole sky.
(LAUGHING) It was
filled with bees.
I barely escaped without
getting stung myself.
So with Simba in the
elephant territories,
brother and sister
aren't getting along.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Be a shame if
their family squabbles
led to chaos
in the Pride Lands.
From which we all
might profit.
(WICKED LAUGH)
Mzingo, I need you
to deliver
a message to the new queen.
(WICKED LAUGHTER)
Itchy kala pano tou.
Did I get it
right that time?
It's coming along, sire.
You'll get it, Simba.
Zazu, how much longer
until we get there?
Hmm. Actually,
we've arrived.
Well, time for the tribute.
MZINGO: Queen Kiara.
Being queen
obviously suits you.
Mzingo. What are you
doing here?
Nothing to fear, cub...
I mean, Your Majesty.
(CHUCKLES)
I simply come to bring
you a peace proposal
on behalf of Janja.
(LAUGHS)
Janja wants peace?
Oh, it's what he's
always wanted.
(SIGHS)
Sadly, your brother
and his Guard, well...
Forgive me
for saying so, my queen,
but your brother can be
quite stubborn. (CHUCKLES)
Ugh, tell me about it.
But why didn't Janja
come himself?
Janja's not exactly welcome
in the Pride Lands.
He thought you might meet
on neutral ground.
Say sunset tonight
at Broken Rock?
You can discuss the terms
of your new peace agreement.
You could usher in a new day
of peace for the Pride Lands.
Hmm?
I'll think about it.
That's all we ask.
Kiara! You have to know
it's a trap!
You would think that.
Kiara, you can't
trust Mzingo.
Or Janja!
You just can't
stand the thought
that I might be right.
Like with the bees.
But this is
completely different.
You don't know
Janja like I do.
I've had to run him off
so many times.
Maybe that's why
he came to me.
Now that I'm queen,
he knows...
Kiara!
You're not really queen.
I am the queen.
And I'll do what I think
is best for the Pride Lands.
(SIGHS)
If you're serious
about this,
you're on your own.
Argh.
Brothers.
I can't believe it.
What is she thinking?
Kion. Something's
troubling you.
(SIGHS)
It's Kiara, Grandfather.
She doesn't know what she's
getting herself into.
Kion. Kiara is your sister.
And for now,
she is your queen.
And as your queen and sister,
she needs your support.
Even if she's wrong?
Especially if she's wrong.
Hmm. Thank you, Grandfather.
(SIGHS)
I better go talk to her.
She's already gone?
(EXHALES) She said she had
some important meeting
to go to... Somewhere.
And you let her go alone?
She's the queen.
We didn't let her
do anything.
She just did it.
Ugh! Some advisors
you two are!
What's wrong with him?
(SCOFFS) Who cares?
He's not a queen.
Lion Guard!
Kiara's in trouble!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
And now,
His Majesty the King
will say a few words
about my father.
The king?
Simba? (GASPS)
His Majesty.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
You can do this, sire.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
I knew Aminifu a long time.
And now that he has
completed his journey
though the Circle of Life,
I will remember him fondly.
(MOURNFUL TRUMPETING)
Because, as you
elephants say,
"Eihe kaka pano tou."
Oh.
(GASPS)
Huh?
Did I say he had
good on him?
I'm not sure, sire,
but I think you just said
he had poop on him.
(CLEARS THROAT)
I said what?
(LAUGHING)
(ALL LAUGHING AND TRUMPETING)
It's true. (LAUGHING)
He always did have
poop on him.
And it always
made us laugh.
He always made us laugh.
It's nice to remember
the good times.
Thank you,
Your Highness.
Well, he had good
on him, too.
He did. He truly
had good on him.
But more poop. (LAUGHING)
(LAUGHING)
Hello?
Queen Kiara. Welcome.
I'm so happy
you considered my proposal.
And you came alone.
Very smart.
We can work out our deal,
leader to leader.
Just the two of us.
More or less.
I think I just
re-considered
your proposal.
(MANIACAL LAUGHTER)
Going so soon?
But you're to be our guest.
Soon as Simba hears
I have his daughter,
he'll have no choice
but to turn over the
Pride Lands to me.
(SLURPS)
Or else!
(MANIACAL LAUGHTER)
Hapana!
Kiara's at Broken Rock!
And she's surrounded
by hyenas!
Follow me!
(ALL SNARLING)
(GROANS)
Nice moves.
Too bad you're
out here all on your own.
KION: Get away
from the queen!
(GRUNTS)
Kion! You're here?
Of course!
Aw, ain't this a
touching family reunion.
Hey, you said these
two were fighting, Janja.
Oh, we can
fight, all right.
Think you can
take us both on?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Six on two?
I'll take those odds.
Twende Kiboko!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
Lion Guard defend!
Six on six.
Forget it!
Janja, Janja!
Wait for us!
(WHIMPERING)
(SIGHS) Thanks, guys.
And Kion, you were right
about never trusting Janja.
Hey, I can hear you.
I should've listened to you
about the bees.
Oh, sure.
Now he admits it!
Mom! Dad!
Welcome back!
How'd your tribute go?
It went... It went...
Everything turned out fine.
How did ruling
the Pride Lands go?
Ruling the Pride Lands?
It went...
Any trouble?
Well, uh...
Yeah, but it
wasn't anything
Kiara couldn't handle.
I'm sure she's gonna be
a great queen.
Someday!
(SIGHS) Thanks, Kion.
I never had any doubt.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)